A poem
amazed me with its beauty
My heart was overwhelmed as I wrote it
It revealed my poem and motivated me to honor it
20 poems like this have wisdom
Don't thank people for their wounds, you are their companion
The wound hurts only those who have kindness
Complaining to people, oh people
is a loss, and those who are kind to it will be rewarded
Worries are like a flood
Worries are like a flood and diseases are like a flood
The red of evidence, no matter how much you complain
If you complain to those who have a good time
Your eyes will boil and those who complain will have a sad face
And if you complain to those who complain, you will make them happy
You added a wound to your wound called regret
Will the mediation one day free my country?
Or is torture an alternative to death?
Those who regret their luck, turn off their eyes of concern
Luck has no eyes if you don't see its concerns
How I was disappointed with those I gave my trust to
So it forced me to leave it
How I became a bridge for those I loved
So it crossed my path and how it lowered my feet
So my heart sank, and my heart was its destination
So what is the loyalty of a fool who has no values?
Neither the despair of my clothes nor the diseases break me
Neither the despair of my clothes nor the sorrows break me
My wound is stubborn, it is like a fire that burns
Drink your tears, drink your tears
And cut once a honey, the candles burn and they smile
And stick your nose and scratch its back like a mouse
And break like a sword, if the bones break
The justice of the earth is in the hands of those who are in it
And justice on earth is neither justice nor sin
So good is a good, good, bad, and evil is a bad, bad, and ungrateful wolf
All the bad things are in the hands of those who are in it
To reassure the wolf that the sun is not set
Be a wolf and be a lion without a hand
You see the delicacies under your hands, you are full
So the money is a gold coin, it has what the nations pray in all their languages
And the best of the best, pharaohs and most people under their thrones
They served me, I complain to you, I complain to you
O you who are full of pain, their blood did not flow on the borders, their blood flowed
And who but Allah, we are strong under his chest
And we seek help from him and we hold on, be a philosopher
You see everyone here is fighting against a non-existence, and they are a non-existence